buy, order, there are
none here. So we buy orcs for ourselves, they
even write to me. And you can buy
an orc there, you know, the fascists published
all my data, the number of the car, where I live,
and here I have complaints against the Zelenskyi
party and the Poroshenko party and all
other political parties  who are trying to
somehow score points for themselves on this, one
went to arrange, and one went to
look for his son, who mobilized morons, just
so much that I can't convey it.
Good day.
I have an interview
with the Russian occupiers who are
coming to our land. Unfortunately, you see,
Volodymyr is currently in Kyiv without
electricity, without normal internet because the
orcs are attacking Ukraine, but thank you for
volunteering to talk, I saw someone on the
Internet. Well, let's say something
incomprehensible to me  zarubu I would
say so between bloggers yes blogger
Zolkin blogger Andrii Luhanskyi Yes,
I would like to, er, on account of this to
communicate, or in your opinion Well, first of all,
as I looked at what Andrii
Luhanskyi said, so you worked for sharia,
and it really bothers me  I was surprised because
at one time I was also involved in the
investigation against the team in
various TV series. Well, damn, I don't remember that, oh, I
watched this video where you
asked Antonina Biloglazova. I remember
this video. I just didn't know who he was at the time
Zolkin didn't even know the author of that video, this is
now We all already know how to write, I
clearly remember that video she
looked stupid, the Sharia party
looked stupid in that video, are we incompetent with this
or not Because I'm just at the CEC yes yes
yes
[music]
and what did they take from? What are they
trying to tie you to the party of the neck
and many of you have something to do with it? You
simply take a screenshot from the action of the
Sheri party, where the blogger Zovkin was present, as well
as at many other actions, and in principle,
subscribe that  completely worked in our
religion, everything
you say, what it looked like there and
what they looked like on the competent ones, in
principle, I tried to show that Yes, I
did it in an intelligent way. I'm sorry, I didn't
jump on her and shout that she was
pro-Russian and so on, I just
came up and asked what it could say about the
party's program and she said that the
party's program is generally a formality
and their task is to catch up with ordering
everyone in the Verkhovna Rada. And what she will
actually do in her Verkhovna Rada,
she does not know if you look at the comments -
it's all that  they took it precisely not for the
benefit of the party, but now in 2022, they
took a screenshot of where I am standing with a
green dude, this is
the prototype of the
teacher’s mannequin, Lord, what is his name, in the Star
Wars workshop,
this Master Yoda has nothing to do with the Sharia campaign,
that is, he was
dancing there opposite with  side 1+1, they
had some kind of notch there, it’s not worth touching it to touch
deeper, but I
took a picture with it, and there were balls in the background Well, in
principle, that’s all, in principle, that’s the whole
story.
who also
watched these videos, they say that your
comments about Zaruba Muraeva and
Sharia did not seem clear enough. I
watched this video myself, and I
agree that they looked
dangerous there, as if you were
rooting for Muraeva against the series,
not the other way around, everyone succeeded, what am I rooting for?
I am against Muraev, but if there is, well, you see, the
point is that it is not
clear enough. I expressed my thoughts, and the
point is that this video drowned them
both, this conflict was on the horse for the
benefit of both. And I made this
video  since I made it, you know, in
principle, in
principle, it is not in favor of Muraev, not
in favor of the charms, and definitely not in favor of the
party, and I, uh, well, you would have understood everything
correctly. You just reviewed it, but
people did not review it, and Andriy
Luhansky  the same person says that I also did
complimentary interviews with the party and I,
in principle, everything is enough for everyone, everyone
is chasing this one, I was just not surprised at all, I did
not follow your video that much, so I watch it,
sometimes there are
cool prisoners when you interview them. And this
video was posted  I talked to someone in the chat roulette
with a guy who is
mobilized, and here I am saying that I want
you to get Dozolkina there and call
the video there from the bottom to Zolkina and I
look at it in the comments, they started
throwing things like that at all and there
was no such thing before. Here it is somewhere  it appeared
somewhere, I understood this recently. And
what do you think this conflict is due to, well,
no, no, I just don’t perceive the conflict in the world as mine,
because look at Andrey Luhansky,
for example, it’s not Andrey Luhansky and
all these bots who post  all this [ __ ] is
not just there, he is the people and bot farms, it
all comes from one political force, and
if they all decided to compete with
one small blogger, Volodymyr
Volkin, to sink him, because Volodymyr
Zolkin, you see, said that he had
questions about the annexation of Crimea, that is, his
Of course, they were annexed, but I have a question.
Why didn’t our officials do anything at the time, and the officials
at that time somehow protected the defenders. When you
said this, I don’t remember something. They were just
recently after that, and it
all started somewhere. You, I’m right, that
is, you moved somewhere
political.  they started making political statements
and they are experts,
this is the most patriotic president in the Verkhovna
Rada, the most patriotic president in
the past, you see, they don't like it when
people say such things Although I didn't hear
that communism has already set in in our country
And that we have to filter what to say from the
other side How much  I understand, that is, the
supporters of the
previous president, on the contrary,
accuse the supporters of the current
president that they now want
to make communism in our country, that is, we have some kind of
confrontation between these political
supporters. Yes, you
understand. Yes, there is a battle of sects and the
current office of the president.  to
this wrong
path, that is, instead of
highlighting the truth and admitting one's
mistakes. It seems to me that
some beta farms and some
opinion leaders are already being made who are trying to whitewash
obvious scandals, for example, the
last one was with Kyril Tymoshenko with a
car that was intended for
humanitarian  purposes. And he
personally drove it. You see, I
absolutely try to whitewash such slanders. I do
not work for anyone and have never worked,
but there I also spoke about Ilovaiskyi and
Debaltsevo, and I am always asked. And what? What do
you say about Kherson? What do you say?
about Mariupol, for example, well, I also
think that there is a certain moment of betrayal.
And I also want to hear answers to certain
questions, and these questions are asked by the
Azovians themselves, for example, the
connection was lost,
and these questions are asked by the Azovians, these
questions are asked by other military personnel  who
were
in Mariupol and also in
relation to Kherson, you
can talk about all of this, the question is not that I am
trying to whitewash someone, but to ask someone there.
Should I not ask certain
questions
about the fact that some sect is political? She
decided why that I decided to work
against them for their benefit  of a different politics, they
consider you a member of a different political
sect, they consider it real, only they
can’t decide which one exactly. Well, look,
I’ll just
watch your yes videos before the conversation,
yes, I understand that in my
estimations, you were like that, at least they did these things like
them  your transmissions
were uncomplimentary to the previous
president in the elections, then yes, that is, I
understand that you belonged to another camp,
practically or ideologically, absolutely if I were
asked 100 more times who I would
choose Zelensky or Poroshenko I would
choose Zelensky 100 more times I would choose
Poroshenko  By the way, I voted for the 19th
year, it's absolutely normal, I'm just
explaining. I think that if there was Poroshenko,
we would already have Minsk 365, see No,
we're not.
this is not
even a subject for debate at the moment,
now you just asked who I am, not
which camp I belong to. And which of these are
my sympathies, when choosing
Zelensky or Poroshenko, who was with us
at the time, I was leaning towards Zelensky, that’s
completely  no I then leaned towards
Poroshenko in the second round - Well, everyone
had their own data,
but I am not such a fanatic in
principle, you know yes And this is the
main thing, but it does not at all mean that I
will whitewash Zelensky everywhere, you do not
see him as a scumbag and  you only see
Poroshenko's rants, well, no, Poroshenko, at
the moment, who is he at all just a deputy, well, that is,
just deputies, that's all, and if I was
asked about it somewhere in an interview, I
said because I think so, and I said about it
before and I say and  I will tell you that
no screenshots will prevent me from doing this.
Well, if we return to
this project of yours, you can say how
this project was born in general, with interrogations,
incomplete interrogations, and with interviews of prisoners, yes,
these are all interrogation tools. And I would like to
raise, very importantly, what do you think
yours, how are these polls
changing people in Russia, yes, because he
told Luhansk that it doesn't make sense,
it doesn't change, so I'll say my
opinion now, but first I want to hear yours. What do
you think, are there changes there?
Look, the most important thing is to
understand
we are not trying to change the people there,
this is how you know
if they change. Very good. They
send me postcards that the Russians
print out with the qr-code of my channel, which they
push in their
mailboxes. They send me what they
write for money, the name of my channel,
hear the truth and also write the processes  these are
all facts. They send me a lot of
specific data
about people who refused to go in personal messages. After
watching my videos, they
obviously do it on Facebook because
they don't make any sense. We
motivate me in my favorite time.
they published all my
data, my car number, where I live, where my
wife lives, my daughter,
phone numbers, and so on.
and the blogger Andrii Luhanskyi who
reports that I also violate the Geneva
Convention, I will tell you this directly, there is not a
single world media to which I did
not tell in detail about this Geneva
Convention and also told about this
video, all my rants are here, yes,
you can go. If you are interested,
here  don't dwell too much on this
issue, we don't violate
any conventions during these interviews, not
interrogations, there aren't any And how did it start, and I'm
answering in the first days of the war, when the
rockets flew, I think that everyone
tried to do something and tried
to be useful in some way  at the same time, I am running and
signing up for the territorial defense
right here in the district and at
the same time. My friend Dmytro, who
also makes this video, he is a lawyer. I am a lawyer
by education and worked in the Afghan bureau,
and he is a lawyer.
the quality of the hobby, sometimes they went to promotions and not
only Sharia, there were many promotions and they made some
streams, they made some blogs. Yes, it’s just for Well, it’s
just a hobby. How does anyone have a hobby of
fishing? Well, when I go fishing, I
don’t have a goal, for example, to catch a
lot of fish, I have  the goal is to rest, and the
same here, I didn’t have a goal
to make some overly popular channel,
but just here. Well, that’s what entertainment
was, and when the war started, I started on all
my resources Telegram, Facebook, YouTube,
that’s all recorded, that’s all there is, I started
posting about the losses of the resolute  and about what is
actually happening here, the rest of the growth
actually gave birth to this project, I
will tell you so directly because they started writing in
the comments that there is none of this, it's all
nonsense, it's fake, it's all actors, uh, we
'll take Kyiv in three days, and so on.
so on and Dmytro, who was developing a chatbot
for his Ichna, a well-known resource where the
Rashists could contact their
relatives, and of course he gave me
the contact number of these relatives who are contacting
me. And I started going on live broadcasts and calling them there, this is also all on
my channel  the only thing that I showed
the picture was blocking many of these broadcasts
due to personal data and this is my mistake, that is,
nothing can be done, but uh, there are still
some broadcasts left and these broadcasts, but I was collecting the
video,
it froze and I collected these broadcasts
20-30 at a time  thousands of viewers just on the air, that’s
at least, and there were 50 or more and
almost 100 thousand viewers on the air
during my
phone conversations with the relatives of Russian
soldiers who came here. I asked them
why they came here. Do you understand
what is happening and so  so on and so
on. And my channel collected two or three
thousand views, or even less, well, sometimes there are
more, sometimes there are 500 views
shorter, absolutely a hobby, a purely
amateur amateur channel, and here
30,000 viewers are just on the air and I went to
my friends
[music]
I turned to my friends in various
services and began to simply poke around in each one
and say, “Look, this is necessary, this is an
informative story for the Russians,
they don’t understand anything, they still do
n’t sweat it, it’s been a week for me,
it’s cool, and in principle, everyone agreed with  what
needs to be done next, but I
said that I still need to show the
corpses of the Russians without fail, and we did it,
and this is what then pushed the
issue of exchanging the dead
because the racists did not want to take them away
after we achieved this, they showed
several  the faces of the dead were shriveled
after that, only their relatives went to the
ombudsman and the
issue of exchanging bodies came up because
they wanted to foist a humanitarian crisis on
us here, we had warehouses of these
corpses here, and I also asked What
Give me the opportunity to communicate  with
the prisoners, you understand, many people are asking
now, why Zolkin? Well, yes,
first of all, well, first of all, there is still rain and wellies
that Brynit Kazansky did, which
I didn’t do, but if Denys Kazansky,
for example, did it once, yes, and he didn’t
want to  then obviously it is
not my fault to do this, if you understand.
If it rains, they did it once, it is
also not my fault, but Lyubomir Ferenc,
for example, Lviv media, which
is located near the
prisoner of war camp, also constantly makes
this video. Well, he also does this, which
means that Zolkin What  I just did it for the
first time. I submitted the idea for these videos for the first time. It is no
worse and better than the others. Well, it’s just that I
had this idea and
I achieved it.  This is the
answer. It
doesn’t seem to you that here when you have a
million subscribers, it started to be a
bit of a frog. Well,
we are without it. Well, not without it.
Well, the channel with 13,000 subscribers has
collected more than a million in eight months. By the way, I
was watching yesterday  some of your videos
to understand the essence of the situation,
I remember that there was such a video where you
approached Poltava and took some comments. Well,
how many subscribers do
you have? 10,000 says yes.
well, give
him few followers, I won't be with him,
I'm answering in his words from Poltava, I
approached him, I can ask you a question
And who are you? I'm Volodymyr Zolkin, here's a
blogger, I have a channel there, how many
subscribers 10 10,000 No, no one is
interested in you I  here I was working so that
selfies would be taken with me. Of course, I am not burdened by this. But
now, selfies are taken with me at every
step, no matter where I am in that part of Ukraine,
people come up, shake hands, say thank you.
on Facebook
and it’s not real So the desire to troll
somewhere come up and see Poltava come up
and say I want to take a comment from
yours Well, first of all, this monster is
not interesting to me rea- Well let’s go and let’s not
I don’t want to talk about him now Well let
us  he was insulted like that on the air, he was
not there Yes, good, well, here is this people's
deputy who recently collected money from
grandmothers for his surgery, yes, and then it
turned out that the money was not, and he
decided to spend it on his own
rehabilitation. Yes, when the whole nation collects
for the armed forces
When I will gather all the people of Ukraine
to help volunteers
affected by the war, he is a deputy with
millions of assets only
declared, he is collecting for an operation, you
know. Well, I am not interested in talking to him,
ask the people of Poltava, they
will tell you who he is. In principle, if people
donate to him, well, that is their business, that is,
if a person  he wants to collect Andriy I
just wanted to make up my mind I didn’t want to
talk about Andriy Luhansky how is he
signed yes He has Well who defends the
Russian language on the same stream they
ask him what to do as a
Russian speaker he fights and fights he
says for the Russian language for his right
to speak Russian I  for example, I
spoke Russian all my life. I
don't hide it. But now I completely and
my whole family were inclined to
switch to the Ukrainian language and I'm trying to
do it, even though you see, I'm talking,
even
I'm not interested in these people, not one or the other,
I didn't want to talk about them  If
we talk about my zashkvars, there
is also a screenshot with Dubinsky, which they also
post, I them.
Let them be determined little by little, you know.
And if the blogger was on different streams and
he has different photos from different streams,
different screenshots, blame him for
this.
listen, if you have enough brains for this, damn
your brains, by the way, if we
return to the question of whether your
project affects the Russians, because Andriy expressed in
his own stream that it does not make sense
because you cannot change anyone there, this guy is
sitting in the chat room changing roulettes  as if he says
that you won’t change like that Why sit then
He says I’m sitting in the roulette chat has changed
someone do you think
Andriy is sitting in the roulette chat for loot and
ask no idea for his activity There’s
just no And according to my India but the point is to
change the Russians It’s not  my
main goal is absolutely absolutely not my
main goal, the main goal was born already
in the process of these interviews, when we understood
how the Rashists tear from them.
she simply died, disappeared,
they are all gone, and we show them and the parents of
these prisoners then go and show them to
the military committees, as they say, return home
and they are entered after that in the list of
prisoners and invited to our side, and
if they are invited to our side,
then we can do it to us  allows you
to invite your
friends. And this is a story that affects 100% of the
exchange, which Andrey Luhanskyi cannot know about
because he has not seen any video.
He was not interested in it at all, so this is a
question that I would not
advise anyone to ask about the exchange. Well  just
take it as friendly advice and everything we have
already exchanged more than 1,100 of our uh I
say we because Well we we our side No
I'm not there someone And we have already exchanged more than
1,100 of our prisoners at the beginning of a
full-scale invasion this number already
says something  you understand, at the same time, I was
also able
during this interview, I was able to
earn a certain amount of trust from the people who
called me for an exchange, I
went to this one.
to go and we show how it all
happens, despite the fact that from the 14th to the
19th we were shown only one exchange,
remember when exactly Medvedchuk
did it and they said that it was Medvedchuk who
did this exchange because he  can't take
care when you met at the airport, there
was such an episode that the soldiers were not allowed to make
phone calls until Poroshenko arrived
in order to make the picture more
emotional and show it, they are all the bearers of
this matter, the essence of the matter is that before,
even no one showed up because of this
whole story  And we show and it becomes
clear that even without Medvedchuk, you can
exchange people, you understand, and this is what we
work for in exchange. As you want, you can
perceive me personally, do not mix it
at least with what we are doing at the moment, but I am
asking you very much, because it is for the sake of all of us and
for the sake of people who are in captivity,
chase these screenshots as much as you want, it's
about me, not about what we do on this
channel, by the way, I wanted to say in my opinion, I
didn't understand something that this
project affects the exchange, but I'm looking at how
it affects  in Russian, I
often meet Russians in the roulette chat, and I remember an
incident like this in the spring at the end of Vesnych at the
beginning of summer, where there was an uncle from Yakutia and
he told me I didn’t
really watch your videos then, and he said I
subscribed to Zolkin  then they
didn't have anything about mobilization, so they instigated to
go on a contract, he says, I'm already here
in Yakutia, people live so poorly, I think they
will go and do it, I'm already there, eight
refused, that is, in principle, I think that
it still affects things, it changes not so
quickly there  if we wanted to Yes, because many
people don't believe that, well, what to
tell the Muscovites, they won't
understand anything, the majority won't understand, but 10% will
understand, so some 100
people there won't go to war, and if I
did that, a thousand Muscovites didn't go
here, then  this thousand Muscovites could have killed
10 of ours. Well, it’s all worth
living for. And it’s worth fighting for.
How can they determine, if
at all, these videos? Ours, that is, what they write to me
in private messages
confirms to you chat roulette. You see, I
didn’t even know.  Well, I
meet people where I say that there are
not so many of those who do not support the war,
but they are there, and they say that I
campaigned for acquaintances there so that they do not go to the
refusal of e-e, that they go to the
contract, that is, there are  such cases cases Well, this
is a language word like this. What do you think, what do
I evolve this project of yours into, if you
say so about it?
Well, so far, it has evolved because
we have collected a little money, we
watched the
patriot sponsors, YouTube, and we launched the
program completely with  own initiative
about paying our military
a small reward for the fact that they capture
orcs, again for
ordering
So that we buy orcs for ourselves, they even
write to me And you can buy an orc for yourself, you know there
and such a person writes I say, men, we
can even these traffic jams  once in your
life, you will not see the most important thing for us is that
they take prisoners and in front of our soldiers.
Well, there is the VSP or there, I don’t know who
wants them to get to us in the
exchange fund, again to take
our soldiers home and we really
pay 200 per  300 bucks for
one, 500 for each, 600 for each. Well, in
total for the past month, we have $15,000.
they paid our soldiers somewhere, if it is
simple to perceive it not even as an exchange
fund, but simply payments to our soldiers. They
buy ammunition for themselves, normal Berets,
whatever they need, damn, well, it is a useful
thing, well, it is definitely a useful thing, just
like how people
take artillerymen, they write as if on
shells, etc.  I
want to order
from the Buryat and the captive there an
initiative as well,
and here's what he can evolve further,
we don't know, we just constantly think
what else can be added, what else can be changed,
how can it be done, you
know what  They show me how it
all started. This story that they took
the orcs to the UOC MP to the church. Yes, I remember then,
and they accuse me of saying that it was me.
Well, you see. Well, you
understood the essence of the question in 3 seconds. Well, I can't
say. Give me 10 taxis, 14 orts.
Hello, well, I'm going to your place. I'll
be writing tea. You can't be so
stupid. Seriously, damn.
think with your head, but if you
talk about what this action gave at the exit,
it is somewhere around 600 thousand views from Russia,
and it is somewhere, well, at least 300 thousand
Rashists found out that, for example,
they are shelling the Sviatogorsk Lavra, which
they also consider their holy place, and that
rockets are flying there and  monks are dying,
monks are really dying, yes, and that’s normal,
so it caused a stir. And before that, we
drove to the mufti, there were many
Muslims who also understood what
was happening here, in fact, it is very
difficult to assess the scale of the impact of our work. It is
absolutely impossible to assess. I just know that it
works and we are doing it.  That's all. And the question. Well, damn
why. It's just necessary. You didn't try it
on your videos because I didn't watch all of them.
I watched some of them, which I'm interested in. They drop
special pearls to ask. These are the questions
about the collapse of Russia.
folks, some of the same Buryats from
Dagestani are throwing up,
now there was a video, it was good for me,
such a conversation with a dude from the
city from the republic of Mariel I didn’t even
know that such a thing existed, and the Mari people are
building
cities, you can play even
after all these interviews, and
he tells me that I  I asked him this
question, well, in particular, I asked him to many people,
they all, in principle, understand that
they would be better off without Russia, and in particular,
they say to Mariyka We have a
lot of republics, we could not just
provide for ourselves. We have everything, absolutely
all resources, but in  they will not let us go and
they all say that instead of
giving them more opportunities for
self-determination, so to speak, on the contrary,
Moscow is constantly clamping down and
putting its governors there, etc.
the situation is getting worse and worse and worse, they
understand it, but when I ask them And
will you do something about it, they
answer that they won't let us go They don't
understand that we need to fight for freedom, they do
n't have this understanding,
maybe you I always say no
Russia  it doesn't fall apart in this republic,
it's all, I say. Look, if we
take the same republic of the USSR there in the
early 80s, who would have said that
Ukraine would become independent there, but all those
Chornovol Lukyans there were
considered marginals, there were only a handful there, and the
rest  everyone was afraid, and then everything
changed. If I believe that there will be something like this
and the war, it will be pushed a little under this
process. I'm just
curious.
it turns out there are
some small peoples there, maybe there are Altaians, you
understand the interview. Despite the fact
that these conversations are voluntary, the main goal of the
orc in these interviews is to get in the
camera lens and call home, that is, you
should not count on a heart-to-heart conversation there either, although  there would be
cases when we really received a
completely honest
and frank
conversation
here. By the way, let's have an honest and frank conversation here. Let's
go back to what the Luhansk people
said there, well, not only Luhansk.  a
video from there where the
Facebook person contacted the Facebook person, he also says
that you are there, as if you are forcing it,
many people have such an understanding. Well, let's
say that people grew up in a repressive
Soviet society, Russians
still live in a repressive society, so that
is, they have the concept of some kind of
voluntariness.  they give you freedom of
choice, they just don’t have it, that is, when they
say that we have elected a
president, they still believe that the
Americans gave us Poroshenko in the 14th, and in the
19th, the Americans gave us
Zelensky Tip, that is, they don’t believe
that the people are real  people chose Poroshenko, they are
really Americans, that is, the Americans are
not ours to do, they change one president for
another, if they could forever
put
sometimes 15 minutes before the interview,
I talk to Gorko, proving to him that this is
really a voluntary interview, no one
forces you, does not force you, you can give, you can
don't give, they're stupid, yes, you're
right, they don't. Well, some of them
can really perceive it,
and here are these fsb-shniks, who are
really not good, he's a pervert, he's
just a clown, it turned out that he's a
well-known clown in Russia, who tries to
present himself constantly as  fsbshnik, then
mvdshnik, then somehow shorter Yes, well, that's the
details,
he grew up in this
repressive society, and she, and from
our side. There are also people who probably still
live in this repressive society,
or that's how they perceive it, and that's why they
perceive our interview accordingly here
I can't do anything with this, everything is
bad, there are many, many people who
refused,
those specific ones, and so on. You can
view those who refused, they
refused at the beginning, there for the first 3-4
months, I have a whole video recorded, we are
constantly recording it, it is constantly going, she
comes in, they say  I don't want, you don't
want, you don't want, and here are some of these pieces where he doesn't
want. Well, there were episodes of persuasion where we
persuade them for five minutes at a time, but we can
still talk. And this is for you.
where
they refuse and I already have an hour of
such videos, maybe even more, or even
one funny episode from the last ones who
refused, it was Captain Yepishin who thought
that we were going to ask him about state
secrets that he does not know, he refused,
then he came to the cell, then we
talked  There were seven more people in this
cell. We talked to everyone, gave
everyone cigarettes, everyone called home, and
he sits further in the cell with these people and
starts banging on the door. Take me for an
interview.
uh, I still had cigarettes with me, they gave me a
call to the camera, they caught
everything Lapa krasato and he started shouting to
let me in for an interview and Somehow it was a
turning point somewhere in the fifth
month, apparently, and after that they
generally get in line now  for these
interviews, that is, they already have conversations with each other
Why not me but Take me and me and
I was there before and so on,
I understand that for them it is a chance
to shine, to be seen, the publicity in
Russia has spread and to be exchanged on the fly
Yes  we have had cases when we
call my mother. And she has already received two funerals.
Everything is already there on VKontakte.
Good people hung a black ribbon on her avatar.
And her son, he is on Ilizarov's apparatus,
lying on all sides, not moving, but he is
alive and I am informing her that he is alive and
this is the second birth of a son for her, and it is
necessary to see these emotions and how they
talked and so on, the boy is 19 years old,
he was thrown here in the first wave.
Whoever thinks that they were all told where they
were going, he is mistaken, because the Rashists
first of all needed to deceive
their  soldiers, so that there would be
no confusion and unnecessary questions between them, that's why
I would say to many of them, even the
majority of them, no one proved anything wrong. There
were some witches, but
no one proved anything wrong to the majority, and what we
see in social networks, what they wrote about
it  Yes, some people knew from some
units that were not at these
exercises. They knew, they were brought to them, and
we talked to the personnel officer there, there are many
details. I can talk about this with the
personnel officer from the Chechen Republic, who
said that they came to us on the 20th-21st and
wrote on the 22nd  reports and refused. That is, they
knew everything about it in advance, not
just on the 22nd or 23rd, but this is a separate
unit.  they
didn't understand anything, when they
would be thrown into Ukraine, the peasants really had
such a plan that they
would simply reach Kyiv in this mass, I would take Kyiv, and plus the
paratroopers would land in Gostomel and
so on. And they say that everyone will give
[music]
I think that those who are arriving now  no
one will say that I didn't know where I was
going, that is, it must
be a fairy-tale deer to call me a deer.  I
will
fight, because I was told that there are
professionals who will fight, and you
will just be there guarding something at the
checkpoints or running telephone wires
there and so on, you know what I want to do, I
went to find my son, who was mobilized, morons, so much
so that I  I can't
convey it. And his son went here and was
mobilized. Yes, I tell him. And how did you
imagine that you would find your son here, and the
dude imagined a front line of 50 km
equal, and on one side we are on the
other side Tractor drivers Everyone is facing each
other half-paf  he, as a driver,
will be given a car, he will be able to drive along the
front line and find his son,
this is an expectation. But the reality is that they were brought,
thrown somewhere in the trade winds and forgotten for less than a
week. Then the armed forces came and said they were gone.
Good evening. We are from Ukraine. This is how my father's
son is now.  look, yes, and he is sitting, and his
son probably died a long time ago, and sitting
in front of me is this burmydlo, a 120 kg sheet metal, he is
really one of the few large
orcs in terms of his physique, and he is telling me in
all seriousness that he was going to look for his son,
believe him there or not, that’s
the story in short, you know  that
I won't even say in percentages how much I
trust there, I don't trust it, I can say about
any specific one, here I
believed it, here I didn't believe it, here I
believed it 100%.  here I believed 80, you
know that they lie all the time and
try to hide a lot of facts, well,
it's clear, so I
don't believe him, you think I'm sitting on his video, yes. What you're
nodding to doesn't mean that you're all
like, well, here you need to  conversation,
interviews, which we asked from the very
beginning and which no one can
dig into, but sometimes I go beyond
these limits emotionally, but I can't, I
can't really allow myself
to do this because Well, these interviews will stop.
And about  I have already said their main purpose and
usefulness, we
simply cannot afford it, and so after
all this, we will say when you
assume all these conversations through yourself. Yes, there are some
situations where you want to break the wall and
break something there, for example, there are some
Putin effigies,
no, no situation  such that you want to lie down and
just so that no one touches you. This is complete
emotional and psychological exhaustion, you
understand, that is, I no longer have the
strength to be violently emotional, I already have the strength to just lie down
and rest so that no
one just touches me. And I also have a wife in
the evenings or in the morning  he turns on these interviews of mine
and watches.
Turn it off, please, or during the day,
headphones, because that's what I'm listening to, I
never watch them.
i.e. mine that
will watch on my channel yes
i.e. What message would you Ukrainians give to all
viewers and Ukrainians, I wish for unity
regardless of your political
beliefs, I know that we are
in fact all united, but the
question of how to unite is raised  I know
that this is no longer an issue, we have all
united against this Rashish
invasion for a long time, we just need to sometimes stop
talking about treason. Yes, where it
does not exist in principle, and look at what is happening
now, that is, think by rational
standards and not by the standards of looking for
treason.
I just  I would like to touch on a few more points, perhaps
for the audience, so that it is
more clear, for example, I said
that we need a law on a referendum and that the
issue of Donbas should be submitted to a
referendum, but I said this in the 19th year,
when the law on the
special order of local
self-government in  in certain areas of the
Luhansk and Donetsk regions, it is in
principle popularly known as the
law on special e-e status for
Donbas, it was already adopted without
any referendums at that time. And I
was exactly against this law, I
said that we  - firstly, adopt
a law on a referendum, which is guaranteed by the
Constitution, and secondly, put this
issue to a vote, and so I said that
if they vote for it, then it is necessary to
provide it, if they vote against it, then it is not
necessary to provide it Well, I will not say,
let's bring it up so that everyone votes
against it and  I just know that our people will not vote for
any special status for anyone in Donbas,
and that's why I
talked about it, they took, cut out this piece,
rearranged the words and, as it were, I
drowned for the special status of Donbas, that's not how
it's done. Yes, I was on  Saints, er, the
ninth of May, if well, which one I have
never perceived. As a holiday, I also have
a minobese there. I have never been there, but it is a
public holiday.
there were slightly different views, I
could then argue with those people who
were in favor of celebrating May 8
or for it to be the president, because I am simply not
in the know. Well, what do you have?  At
that time, I never
argued with these people and I would never have
supported those who were there
for this holiday, yes,
I say directly about this that my
views have changed because I went there in the 19th year,
then I only started to be interested in
everything  I didn’t know. And there are people, if not
about me, who only on February 24, 2022,
finally understood everything about Russia and
about uh, who is our enemy, and everything
became clear for them, this does not mean that some of
them are good, some of them are bad, that their
It is necessary to divide, to look for
some slurs, what they wrote there.
Previously, no, everyone understood and this
unites us, and this is what we need to
unite now and do rational
things for the sake of our Victory, and not constantly
spend time in absolutely senseless
arguments, that's what I wanted  say then
immediately here is the meeting I think so here it
turns out you say Dasha there is no need to
mention the past there And you are
personally ready to let go of some
insults there at the same same there Poltava of the
previous president and so on in
relation to Poltava
all sins have been forgiven
see in the online release  because
I didn't have them in principle. I just
know what kind of person he is in relation to politicians. Of
course I apologize, but I have
never been a politician and my views have not in any way
negatively affected the state of affairs, the state of
events in the country,
there are no real scandals, but if
What kind of politician are you? Well, you asked me, I’m already
answering, who himself signed the
capitulian Minsk agreements, under which there are
murals, go to the website and
look at Zakharchenko and
Plotnytskyi, that is, he put
real terrorists at the negotiating table, brought up
the issue of the exchange of Medvedchuk, who as a
result was exchanged himself. Yes, I
I thought it was a joke, I will not consider it a
joke, but I could
not talk about it at all and not pay attention to it
if it was the sect of this politician who was not
spreading treason now about what they
should talk about themselves in the first place,
you understand me
I don't like hypocrisy. I don't like hypocrisy. If
I had any views that
changed in a certain way, I'm ready to talk about it
if I'm being molded into cooperation with the
sharia party of Dubinsky or
Zelensky, which never existed, I'll
say no, it never existed, but here are
my views  a little change is a frank and direct
position, you understand, but hypocrisy I
don't like it I don't like PR
in the war and not and not only Poroshenko not
only Poroshenko I don't like that
our politicians have already started an
election campaign where it has been going on for a long time the
war is going on the company is going on you can see it
you know, it probably stopped during the first
two or three months of the full-scale
invasion, and then somehow it started and
went away, and here I have a pre-action to Zelensky’s
party and to Poroshenko’s party and to all
other parties of politicians who are trying to
somehow score points for themselves on this and
translate it precisely into  the political context,
I don't like it, maybe you know, I
just know that it's possible that you too are perceived
as a person who has gained media attention and who is
perceived as a person who will be a
political competitor, just as
Mustafa Nayem once went from
journalism to politics there Dubinsky
What are those there absolutely absolutely  I am with this.
I understand that someone may have seen
some kind of threat in this regard, but I repeat once again
that I am not going into any politics.
Although I am already in politics.
yes, Volodymyr Zelenskyi said I am
not going to be involved in any politics yet, but
I am interested Yes, where and when
Andriy is not yet And I am not going to at all, well,
in general, I said this to 100,500
followers when I had
10,000 followers and when I had a million and
100,000 followers  I say, I'm not going into
politics, guys, calm down and won't go
until the Day, we agree, we agree, then
yes, if it happens that you get
on some electoral lists, we'll conduct
an interview with you and
I'll catch up with you,
and there are no questions at all, I'm just talking
about it  told me I don't even
understand and can't imagine what I have to do there And the
main thing is with whom And the main thing is with whom I just, well, I
didn't imagine even though having a political channel that,
in principle, broadcasts on social and
political topics, who watch it means
that you are already in the police, that's
also people  it is frightening that there is a
popular channel that can
express its opinions negatively
about this or that political force,
but unfortunately this has already happened and there is
nowhere to go from this and the
more these bot farms attack me,
the more they will come, so I am in
their place  he just wouldn't touch me, he
just ignored me, he fought Well, he said that
he had a question, well, he said and said
big house, I didn't promote this topic. And
now I may and will promote one
second and third, and let them not ask
me later Why are you promoting against Poroshenko
and against  You don't promote Zelenskyi.
Zelenskyi will be the farm. For now, they will
attack me. If they attack me, and if they
start to spread some fakes about me, I will pour
them out. Sorry, that's the story. Although now, during the war, I said that for three days, interviews are given, I
tell everyone, I explain and  everything is
just me, don't touch me, I'll continue to
work, write there what you want, I
explained everything to everyone as damned as I could, and this is not an
excuse, this is respect for people, this is respect for
subscribers, this is respect for your
subscribers, this is respect for the citizens of
Ukraine, which I frankly just explain
in fact, I collected on myself the Compromise
that someone there collected and I say, let's
talk about it. So, here are the views. And
here I am being accused of a scandal that
never happened. That's it, everything is
okay. Thank you very much that despite the
lack of light in Kyiv, they
found the opportunity to communicate  We
had breaks in communication, but how do you
know this? Once in childhood, I was
in the sixth or seventh grade at school by Lesia
Ukrainka, they taught a poem by Robert Bruce, King of
Scotland, where a spider climbed 9
times on this one on the ceiling and fell 9 times. And on the
tenth, it rose and  what is this one who
rose up doing Bruce against E rule
how much he failed nine times there
And on the 10th so did we I think I
will count how many times we broke down but we
recorded it Yes very very much thank you for
finding this time in person  I'll give my
opinion So I'll cut it short I think your
project I didn't know about your existence before
this full-scale war, yes, there
was some dude with 10 more subscribers
then I said Yes I had
1,000 subscribers there now 100,000 you had
10  000, now there are a million of you, yes, that is, we
were such nouns in principle, so
if this one, but I will tell you about the project
that you are currently leading. I believe that in
Russia it has a very, very big influence on
changes, so maybe there you do not believe in that
He can't be there, Luhansk doesn't believe what's
changing there, but I, as a person who chats
roulette with these Russians, communicates. I
know that this influence exists. And even if we
raise some 1% of these people, it will be
very cool.
Thank you very much. Glory to Ukraine